It is certain
Without a doubt
You may rely on it
Yes definitely
It is decidedly so
As I see it, yes
Most likely
Yes
Outlook good
Signs point to yes
Reply hazy try again
Better not tell you now
Ask again later
Cannot predict now
Concentrate and ask again
Donâ€™t count on it
Outlook not so good
My sources say no
Very doubtful
My reply is no
What is the worst tasting thing you have ever eaten?
Do you ever remember your dreams? Have you had any weird ones that stuck with you?
What fantasy universe would you like to live your life in?
If magic was real, what spell would you try to learn first?
What is the farthest you have ever been from where you were born?
What's your favorite sandwich? What do you like to put on it?
What would a world populated by clones of you be like?
What was the last thing you read about, digitally or in print, that you found interesting?
What's your favorite accessory or clothing item?
If you could bring back any fashion trend what would it be?
What are some red flags to watch out for in daily life?
What do you usually do on your commute?
What would be some of the downsides of certain superpowers?
Are you more of an early bird or a night owl?
When you were younger, what did you think would be awesome about being older, but isn't as awesome as you thought it would be?
If you see a puddle on the ground, do you walk around it, over it, or through it?
What animal or plant do you think should be renamed?
What's the most embarrassing fashion trend you used to rock?
Would you rather not be able to open any closed doors (locked or unlocked) or not be able to close any open doors?
What's your favorite color and favorite thing that is that color?
If you had unlimited funds to build a house that you would live in for the rest of your life, what would the finished house be like?
What app can you not believe someone hasn't made yet?
What do you greatly enjoy doing but wish you could do more?
What's your favorite video game console and game or series on that console?
What show have you been watching lately?
What stats for your life would you most like to see?
What is something popular now, but in 5 years everyone will look back on and be embarrassed they liked it?
Do you enjoy spicy food? What's the spiciest thing you've ever eaten?
What natural landmark would you like to see someday?
What food have you never eaten but would really like to try?
What's one thing that gets far too much coverage on the news?
Are you a cat person, dog person, both, or neither?
What place would you first travel to if you could teleport?
What is your biggest pet peeve?
What's your favorite kind of dessert?
If you could switch jobs with someone else for a week, what job would you like to try?
What music do you put on when you want to get pumped?
When people come to you for help, what do they usually want help with?
What is your favorite ethnic or family dish?
What happened this week that made you happy?
What should they teach in high school but don't?
What was your least favorite food as a child? Do you still hate it or have you grown to like it?
In what situations, do you wish you could throw down a smoke bomb and disappear?
What's the best food for a food fight?
What words do you consistently spell wrong no matter how hard you try?
If you could have an unlimited supply of one thing for the rest of your life, what would it be?
If you didn't have to sleep, what would you do with the extra time?
What recent trend are you totally on board with?
What's something you tried really hard to like but couldn't?
What kitchen tool or appliance do you find especially useful?
What do you get every time you go grocery shopping?
If you had to bury a treasure chest, where would you hide it?
If you were transported 400 years into the past with no belongings, how would you prove that you were from the future?
Is there an app you hate but use anyways?
What's the most unique shop or restaurant you've been in?
Would you rather be transported permanently 500 years into the future or 500 years into the past?
What website do you visit most often?
What's your favorite fruit?
Have you ever been told you look like someone famous, who was it?
What movie, picture, or video always makes you laugh no matter how often you watch it?
What is your favorite holiday tradition?
What job do you think you'd be really good at?
You have to sing karaoke, what song do you pick?
If the internet suddenly stopped existing, what would you do with the time you used to spend on it?
Do you prefer headphones or earbuds?
What is your favorite junk food?
Would you ever try space tourism if you had the money for it?
If you could level up in life just like in video games, where would you put your next skill point?
What hobby would you get into if time and money weren't an issue?
What movie completely changes its plot when you change one letter in its title? What's the new movie about?
If you were given 500 acres of land, what would you use it for?
What's your favorite "Life Pro Tip"?
If you could be on any game show, which one would it be?
If you could use magic to do one mundane task for the rest of your life, what would it be?
If someone came up to you and said "Hey, do that thing you do!", what thing would pop into your head first?
What's your favorite type of day (weather, temp, etc.)?
If you could get anything you wanted for free from one store the rest of your life, what would it be?
What song is a 10/10, yet hardly anyone has heard of it?
What would be some of the most annoying things about having yourself as a roommate?
When someone finds out what you do, or where you are from, what question do they always ask you?
What piece of entertainment do you wish you could erase from your mind so that you could experience it for the first time again?
What age do you wish you could permanently be?
What's one fact about the universe that blows your mind?
If you had a year of free time to learn or hone any skill, what would you do?
What fictional item do you wish you owned in real life?
What's the story behind your username?
How many "chuggas" are you supposed to say before "choo choo"?
If there was a zombie apocalypse tomorrow, what is the first thing you would do?
What is the most annoying habit that other people have?
What kind of art do you appreciate the most?
What are you interested in that most people haven't heard of?
What food is underrated or underappreciated?
Where or what do you not mind waiting for?
What place or activity do you find relaxing?
What's the longest line you've ever waited in? Was it worth it?
What caused you to feel nostalgia recently?
What do you wish your phone could do?
What do you like to collect?
Who is your favorite superhero? Who is your favorite villain?
If you could get an exotic pet, any animal at all, what kind of companion would you like to have?
What was the scariest movie you've seen?
What song is stuck in your head right now?
What is something you can never seem to finish?
Would you rather only be able to use a fork (no spoon) or only be able to use a spoon (no fork)?
What did your teachers and parents say would be important when you grew up, but hasn't been?
How do you usually get your news?
What kind of business would you like to start if you were given the chance?
What's your drink of choice (alcoholic or non)?
What invention doesn't get a lot of love, but has greatly improved the world?
Have you ever experienced something supernatural?
In what situation or place would you feel the most out of place in?
What's your favorite thing about the area you live in?
If you could have a never-ending candle that smelled like anything you wanted, what fragrance would you want it to be?
If the universe is just a simulation, what update or patch does it need?
What is your favorite plant or flower?
What's one thing that puzzles you every time you think about it?
What happens in real life but rarely gets portrayed in movies?
Do you like things that are "so bad it's good?" What's your favorite example of it?
If you had to lose one of your senses, which would you choose to lose?
If your job gave you a surprise three day paid break to rest and recuperate, what would you do with those three days?
What's something that was once important but is now becoming less and less relevant?
What are some things that are okay to occasionally do but not okay to do every day?
When things break, do you prefer to fix them or replace them?
What's the longest trip you've been on?
If you could create your own job title, what would it be?
What could you give a 40-minute presentation on with absolutely no preparation?
You have a match in a pitch-dark room with a candle, a wood stove and a gas lamp. Other than the match, which do you light first?
What's something you do differently than most other people?
If you could snap your fingers and learn a language, what language would you learn?
What game have you spent the most hours playing?
How do you feel about putting pineapple on pizza?
If life is a game like some people say, what are some of the rules?
If you were a wrestler what would be your entrance theme song?
What incredibly common thing have you never done?
What is your favorite quote?
Is a hotdog a sandwich? Why or why not?
What's worth spending more on to get the best?
You have 5 minutes, what's the best drawing (hand drawn or digital) you can make?
If you could control any of the four elements (earth, water, air, and fire), which would you choose and why?
What product would you seriously stockpile if you found out they weren't going to sell it anymore?
What habit do you find yourself doing without thinking?
What takes a lot of time but is totally worth it?
You have your own late-night talk show, who do you invite as your first guest?
What upcoming media (movie, show, game, etc.) are you most looking forward to?
If you have 30 minutes to kill before going somewhere, what do you do?
What is something you are utterly obsessed with at the moment?
What has taken you the longest to get good or decent at?
What wastes the most time in your day to day life?
If you could only eat one food for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What is your favorite summer activity?
You're going on a road trip! What two items do you make sure to bring with you?
Would you rather be able to breathe underwater or have the agility of a cat?
What's something you tried that you didn't think you would like, but you ended up really liking?
You're being interrogated and so far you've held strong. What song do they play on repeat that breaks you?
What is something you learned in the last week?
What word or saying from the past do you think needs to make a comeback?
What silly or funny thing are you afraid of?
What's your "usual" from your favorite fast food place?
If you could change one plotline of a piece of fiction, which would it be and why?
What recent scientific discovery blows your mind?
What really needs to be modernized?
What's the most annoying machine you must deal with regularly?
What catchy jingle or bit of advertising has stuck with you?
What's your favorite ice cream topping?
What's something that a lot of people are missing out on because they don't know about it?
What movie would be greatly improved if it was made into a musical?
What was cool when you were young but isn't cool now?
What's the most useless talent you have?
What's the most interesting documentary you've ever watched?
What three objects do you value the most?
What's your favorite conspiracy theory?
Do you like coffee or tea? What kind do you prefer?
What is the best and worst purchases you've ever made?
What kinds of things do you like to cook or are good at cooking?
If you could slow down time, what would you do with that power?
What is something that most people consider to be a luxury, but you don't think you could live without?
If you were put into solitary confinement for six months, what would you do to stay sane?
What question can you ask to find out the most about a person?
If you had to leave your country permanently, where would you relocate to?
What workers have the worst jobs?
What weird food combinations do you really enjoy?
What is your most used emoji?
If you could convince everyone in the world to do one thing at one point in time, what would that thing be?
What's the most interesting thing you've seen online this week?
If you received a salary to follow whatever passion you wanted to, what would you do?
If you could turn any activity into an Olympic sport, what would you have a good chance at winning a medal for?
What is the best excuse for being late you've heard or used?
What would you choose as the 8th wonder of the world?
What does your perfect breakfast look like?
You're going to sail around the world, what's the name of your boat?
What current trend do you hope will go on for a long time?
Do you pour the milk in before the cereal, or the cereal before the milk?
Do you prefer pens or pencils? Why?
What bit of trivia do you know that is very interesting but also very useless?
Do you have any routines you try to do every day?
What's a series that hasn't been updated in a while that you'd love to see revived?
What card or board games do you like to play?
What chore do you absolutely hate doing?
You can only have one food condiment for the rest of your life, which do you choose?
What's something you really resent paying for?What weird food combinations do you really enjoy?
What social stigma does society need to get over?
What food have you never eaten but would really like to try?
What's something you really resent paying for?
What would a world populated by clones of you be like?
Do you think that aliens exist?
What are you currently worried about?
Where are some unusual places you've been?
Where do you get your news?
What are some red flags to watch out for in daily life?
What movie can you watch over and over without ever getting tired of?
When you are old, what do you think children will ask you to tell stories about?
If you could switch two movie characters, what switch would lead to the most inappropriate movies?
What inanimate object would be the most annoying if it played loud upbeat music while being used?
When did something start out badly for you but in the end, it was great?
How would your country change if everyone, regardless of age, could vote?
What animal would be cutest if scaled down to the size of a cat?
If your job gave you a surprise three day paid break to rest and recuperate, what would you do with those three days?
What's wrong but sounds right?
What's the most epic way you've seen someone quit or be fired?
If you couldn't be convicted of any one type of crime, what criminal charge would you like to be immune to?
What's something that will always be in fashion, no matter how much time passes?
What actors or actresses play the same character in almost every movie or show they do?
In the past people were buried with the items they would need in the afterlife, what would you want buried with you so you could use it in the afterlife?
What's the best / worst practical joke that you've played on someone or that was played on you?
Who do you go out of your way to be nice to?
Where do you get most of the decorations for your home?
What food is delicious but a pain to eat?
Who was your craziest / most interesting teacher
What “old person” things do you do?
What was the last photo you took?
What is the most amazing slow motion video you've seen?
Which celebrity do you think is the most down to earth?
What would be the worst thing to hear as you are going under anesthesia before heart surgery?
What's the spiciest thing you've ever eaten?
What's the most expensive thing you've broken?
What obstacles would be included in the World's most amazing obstacle course?
What makes you roll your eyes every time you hear it?
What do you think you are much better at than you actually are?
Should kidneys be able to be bought and sold?
What's the most creative use of emojis you've ever seen?
When was the last time you got to tell someone “I told you so.”?
What riddles do you know?
What's your cure for hiccups?
What invention doesn't get a lot of love, but has greatly improved the world?
What's the most interesting building you've ever seen or been in?
What mythical creature do you wish actually existed?
What are your most important rules when going on a date?
How do you judge a person?
If someone narrated your life, who would you want to be the narrator?
What was the most unsettling film you've seen?
What unethical experiment would have the biggest positive impact on society as a whole?
When was the last time you were snooping, and found something you wish you hadn't?
Which celebrity or band has the worst fan base?
What are you interested in that most people aren't?
If you were given a PhD degree, but had no more knowledge of the subject of the degree besides what you have now, what degree would you want to be given to you?
What smartphone feature would you actually be excited for a company to implement?
What's something people don't worry about but really should?
What movie quotes do you use on a regular basis?
Do you think that children born today will have better or worse lives than their parents?
What's the funniest joke you know by heart?
When was the last time you felt you had a new lease on life?
What's the funniest actual name you've heard of someone having?
Which charity or charitable cause is most deserving of money?
What TV show character would it be the most fun to change places with for a week?
What was cool when you were young but isn't cool now?
If you were moving to another country, but could only pack one carry-on sized bag, what would you pack?
What's the most ironic thing you've seen happen?
If magic was real, what spell would you try to learn first?
If you were a ghost and could possess people, what would you make them do?
What goal do you think humanity is not focused enough on achieving?
What problem are you currently grappling with?
What character in a movie could have been great, but the actor they cast didn't fit the role?
What game have you spent the most hours playing?
What's the most comfortable bed or chair you've ever been in?
What's the craziest conversation you've overheard?
What's the hardest you've ever worked?
What movie, picture, or video always makes you laugh no matter how often you watch it?
What artist or band do you always recommend when someone asks for a music recommendation?
If you could have an all-expenses paid trip to see any famous world monument, which monument would you choose?
If animals could talk, which animal would be the most annoying?
What's the most addicted to a game you've ever been?
What's the coldest you've ever been?
Which protagonist from a book or movie would make the worst roommate?
Do you eat food that's past its expiration date if it still smells and looks fine?
What's the most ridiculous thing you have bought?
What's the funniest comedy skit you've seen?
What's the most depressing meal you've eaten?
What tips or tricks have you picked up from your job / jobs?
What outdoor activity haven't you tried, but would like to?
What songs hit you with a wave of nostalgia every time you hear them?
What's the worst backhanded compliment you could give someone?
What's the most interesting documentary you've ever watched?
What was the last song you sang along to?
What's the funniest thing you've done or had happen while your mind was wandering?
What app can you not believe someone hasn't made yet?
When was the last time you face palmed?
If you were given five million dollars to open a small museum, what kind of museum would you create?
Which of your vices or bad habits would be the hardest to give up?
What really needs to be modernized?
When was the last time you slept more than nine hours?
How comfortable are you speaking in front of large groups of people?
What's your worst example of procrastination?
Who has zero filter between their brain and mouth?
What was your most recent lie?
When was the last time you immediately regretted something you said?
What would be the best thing you could reasonably expect to find in a cave?
What did you think was going to be amazing but turned out to be horrible?
What bit of trivia do you know that is very interesting but also very useless?
What's the silliest thing you've seen someone get upset about?
What animal or plant do you think should be renamed?
What was the best thing that happened to you today?
As a child, what did you think would be awesome about being an adult, but isn't as awesome as you thought it would be?
When's censorship warranted?
What's the most boring super hero you can come up with?
What would be some of the downsides of certain superpowers?
What word is a lot of fun to say?
What current trend do you hope will go on for a long time?
What actors or actresses can't play a different character because they played their most famous character too well?
Where's your go to restaurant for amazing food?
What's something that all your friends agree on?
What's your best story from a wedding?
What languages do you wish you could speak?
What's the most pleasant sounding accent?
What's something that everyone, absolutely everyone, in the entire world can agree on?
What country is the strangest?
What's the funniest word in the English language?
What's some insider knowledge that only people in your line of work have?
Who do you wish you could get back into contact with?
How do you make yourself sleep when you can't seem to get to sleep?
If people receive a purple heart for bravery, what would other color hearts represent?
What are some of the best vacations you've had?
If there was a book of commandments for the modern world, what would some of the rules be?
What's the craziest video you've ever seen?
What's your “Back in my day, we…”?
If you could know the truth behind every conspiracy, but you would instantly die if you hinted that you knew the truth, would you want to know?
What animal would be the most terrifying if it could speak?
What's the worst hairstyle you've ever had?
What habit do you have now that you wish you started much earlier?
If you were given one thousand acres of land that you didn't need to pay taxes on but couldn't sell, what would you do with it?
What about the opposite sex confuses you the most?
When was the last time you yelled at someone?
What's the opposite of a koala?
What kinds of things do you like to cook or are good at cooking?
What life skills are rarely taught but extremely useful?
What movie universe would be the worst to live out your life in?
If you could hack into any one computer, which computer would you choose?
Who do you feel like you know even though you've never met them?
What's the most ridiculous animal on the planet?
What's the worst thing you've eaten out of politeness?
What's the most historic thing that has happened in your lifetime?
What happens in your country regularly that people in most countries would find strange or bizarre?
What has been blown way out of proportion?
When was a time you acted nonchalant but were going crazy inside?
What's about to get much better?
What are some clever examples of misdirection you've seen?
What's your funniest story involving a car?
What would be the click-bait titles of some popular movies?
If you built a themed hotel, what would the theme be and what would the rooms look like?
What scientific discovery would change the course of humanity overnight if it was discovered?
Do you think that humans will ever be able to live together in harmony?
What would your perfect bar look like?
What's the scariest non-horror movie?
What's the most amazing true story you've heard?
What's the grossest food that you just can't get enough of?
What brand are you most loyal to?
What's the most awkward thing that happens to you on a regular basis?
If you had to disappear and start a whole new life, what would you want your new life to look like?
What movie or book do you know the most quotes from?
What was one of the most interesting concerts you've been to?
Where are you not welcome anymore?
What do you think could be done to improve the media?
What's the most recent show you've binge watched?
What's the worst movie trope?
What's a common experience for many people that you've never experienced?
What are some misconceptions about your hobby?
What's the smartest thing you've seen an animal do?
What's the most annoying noise?
What's your haunted house story?
What did you Google last?
What's the dumbest thing someone has argued with you about?
If money and practicality weren't a problem, what would be the most interesting way to get around town?
What's the longest rabbit hole you've been down?
What's the saddest scene in a movie or TV series?
What's the most frustrating product you own?
What inconsequential super power would you like to have?
What qualities do all your friends have in common?
What odd smell do you really enjoy?
What's the coolest animal you've seen in the wild?
What's the best lesson you've learned from a work of fiction?
What food do you crave most often?
Who in your life has the best / worst luck?
What fashion trend makes you cringe or laugh every time you see it?
What's your best story of you or someone else trying to be sneaky and failing miserably?
Which apocalyptic dystopia do you think is most likely?
If you had a HUD that showed three stats about any person you looked at, what three stats would you want it to show?
What's the funniest thing you've seen a kid do?
What's your secret talent?
What's the best way you or someone you know has gotten out of a ticket / trouble with the law?
Tear gas makes people cry and laughing gas makes people giggle, what other kinds of gases do you wish existed?
What's the most beautiful beach you've been to?
What's the most anxiety inducing thing you do on a regular basis?
What's something that everyone agrees we should change, but somehow it never changes?
What trend are you tired of?
What's incredibly cheap and you would pay way more for?
What's your grossest bug story?
What would the adult version of an ice-cream truck sell and what song would it play?
What company do you despise?
When was the most inappropriate time you busted out in laughter?
What would be an accurate tag line for each month?
What's the most overrated product out on the market?
What word do you always misspell?
What naps are the most satisfying?
What's the weirdest thing you've found lying on the ground / side of the road?
What's the funniest TV show you've ever seen?
What's the most embarrassing story from your childhood?
What animal is the most majestic?
What's something that everyone knows is true, but we don't like to admit it?
What's the weirdest text or email you've gotten?
What always cheers you up when you think about it?
What sport could you play the longest in a televised game, without anyone discovering you aren't a professional athlete?
If you could talk to animals and they would understand you, but you couldn't understand them, what would you do with that power?
What's the most boring sport, and what would you do to make it more exciting?
What's the creepiest tech out there?
Who did you use to look up to, but they screwed up and you lost faith in them?
What's fine in small numbers but terrifying in large numbers?
Do you like things to be carefully planned or do you prefer to just go with the flow?
What animal would you most like to eat?
What fictional characters have you had a crush on over the years?
What would the box with all your hopes and dreams inside look like?
What was the worst shopping experience you've ever had?
What story you've heard has stayed with you and always disturbs you every time you think about it?
What was the most important appointment or deadline you missed?
If you were a clown themed super hero, what powers would you have?
If you could airdrop anything you want, worth two million dollars or less, anywhere you want, what would you airdrop and where would you airdrop it?
If you lived in a virtual reality world of your own creation, what would it look like?
What escalated very quickly?
What two things are terrible when separate but great when you put them together?
What did you believe for way too long as a child?
What big event do you think will happen soon that most people aren't expecting?
What still makes you cringe when you think back on it?
What current trend makes no sense to you?
If you owned a restaurant, what kind of food would it serve?
Which celebrity is the most likely to have a collection of canes that are just for show?
What's the weirdest crush you've had?
What do a lot of people have very strong opinions about, even though they know very little about it?
What's your go to casino game?
An epic feast is held in your honor, what's on the table?
What's your favorite holiday movie?
Who is the most manipulative person you've ever met?
Who is the most creative person you know?
What's the funniest pick up line you've heard?
What seemingly innocent question makes you think “It's a trap!”?
How ambitious are you?
What did you like / dislike about where you grew up?
What elements of pop culture will be forever tied in your mind to your childhood?
What's your good luck charm?
What's legal now, but probably won't be in 25 years?
Would you want the ability to hear the thoughts of people near you if you couldn't turn the ability off?
When was the last time you stayed up through the entire night?
What's something that people think makes them look cool, but actually has the opposite effect?
What's the oldest thing you own?
What has someone borrowed but never given back?
Where is the best place you've been for taking walks?
If cartoon physics suddenly replaced real physics, what are some things you would want to try?
What from the present will withstand the test of time?
Who in your life is the worst at using technology?
What's the weirdest conversation you've eavesdropped on?
What just around the corner tech are you eager to get your hands on?
What was the darkest movie you've ever seen?
What do you do when you hear something fall in the middle of the night while you are in bed?
What outfit could you put together from clothes you own to get the most laughs?
What's the most disgusting sounding word in the English language?
What was ruined because it became popular?
What outdated slang do you use on a regular basis?
What was the biggest realization you had about yourself?
What's your best example of easy come, easy go?
What small change greatly improves a person's appearance?
What topic could you spend hours talking about?
What happens regularly that would horrify a person from 100 years ago?
What do a lot of people hope will happen but is just not going to happen?
What's the weirdest thing that has happened to you while working at your job?
What questions would you like to ask a time traveler from 200 years in the future?
Which way should toilet paper hang, over or under?
What's the most physically painful thing you've ever experienced?
What horror story do you have from a job you've had?
What's the most rage inducing game you've ever played?
What's the biggest overreaction you've ever seen?
What are some of the most common misconceptions?
What job doesn't exist now but will exist in the future?
What awful movie do you love?
What normally delicious food gets ruined when you wrap it in a tortilla?
What's your best example of fake it till you make it?
What were you completely certain of until you found out you were wrong?
What's something commonly done that gets progressively weirder the more you think about it?
What's the cutest thing you can imagine? Something so cute it's almost painful.
If you were given unlimited resources, how would you lure the worst of humanity into one stadium at the same time?
What do you think about when you hear the word “classy”?
What near future predictions do you have?
What do you need help with most often?
What piece of “art” would you create if you had to pretend to be an artist and submit something to a gallery?
What do you do to make the world a better place?
What's the best and worst thing about the country you are from?
If you were in charge renaming things so that their names would be more accurate, what names would you come up with?
What's better broken than whole?
What values are most important to you?
What's the best sandwich you've ever had?
What's the worst thing you ate from a fast food restaurant?
What's something that I don't know?
What profession doesn't get enough credit or respect?
What memory of yours feels real but is most likely false?
What's your “and then it got worse” story?
What was the most amazing physical feat you've managed to pull off?
What's the most annoying thing about the social media platform you use most often?
If you were hired to show tourists what life is really like where you live, what would you show them / have them do?
What would be the most unsettling thing to keep occasionally finding around your house?
What nicknames do you have for people in your life?
What does the opposite sex do that you wish that you could do, but it's not anatomically feasible or it's socially frowned upon?
How much do you plan / prepare for the future?
What do you hate most and love most about your car?
What weird potato chip flavor that doesn't exist would you like to try?
What's the silliest thing you've convinced someone of?
How much do you think names affect the outcomes of people's lives?
What product or service is way more expensive than it needs to be?
What's the shadiest thing you've seen someone do?
What was the last situation where some weird stuff went down and everyone acted like it was normal, and you weren't sure if you were crazy or everyone around you was crazy?
What did you eat so much of that now you hate it?
What are some of the dumbest lyrics you've heard in a song?
Where's the line between soup and cereal?
What word do you always mispronounce?
What do you think you do better than 90% of people?
What would be the worst food to be liquefied and drunk through a straw?
What's the weirdest thing about modern life that people just accept as normal?
How much of your body would you cybernetically enhance if you could?
If you wanted to slowly drive a roommate insane using only notes, what kind of notes would you leave around the house?
If you had a giraffe that you needed to hide, where would you hide it?
What's the clumsiest thing you've done?
What songs do you only know the chorus to?
Think of a brand, now what would an honest slogan for that brand be?
What's something common from your childhood that will seem strange to future generations?
What's the most amazing place in nature you've been?
What's quickly becoming obsolete?
Where is the most uncomfortable place you have ever slept?
What's the most annoying animal you've encountered?
What's your best example of correlation not equaling causation?
In what situations, do you wish you could throw down a smoke bomb and disappear?
When was the last time you were hopelessly lost?
What songs do you feel compelled to sing along with when you hear them, even if you don't totally know all the words?
What product do you wish a company would make a “smart” version of?
What two films would you like to combine into one?
What's are some of your Pavlovian responses?
What's the best thing you've got going on in your life at the moment?
What incredibly common thing have you never done?
What has taken you the longest to get good or decent at?
What food do you love that a lot of people might find a little odd?
If you could start a charity, what would it be for?
What was the funniest thing you've seen recently online?
What are some of your favorite games to play?
What takes a lot of time but is totally worth it?
What is the most amazing fact you know?
What website or app doesn't exist, but you really wish it did?
What's your favorite type of day? (weather, temp, etc.)
What is the most clever or funniest use of advertising you've seen?
How into self-improvement are you?
When someone finds out what you do, or where you are from, what question do they always ask you?
Are you more productive at night or in the morning? Do you think it's possible to change and get used to another schedule?
What scene in a movie always gives you goosebumps every time you watch it?
What topic could you give a 20-minute presentation on without any preparation?
What's something that a lot of people are missing out on because they don't know about it?
What are some of your guilty pleasures?
Who is the most interesting person you've met and talked with?
What has really taken a toll on you?
How did you spend the money from your very first job?
What do you wish someone taught you a long time ago?
Do you think you rely too heavily on your phone? Why or why not?
How could carousels be spiced up so they are more exciting?
What's your favorite car that you've owned?
What subjects should be taught in school but aren't?
What's the biggest vehicle you've driven?
What songs would be played on a loop in hell?
What rule do you wish they would introduce into your favorite sport?
What kind of challenges are you facing these days?
What do you highly recommend to most people you meet?
Do you think you have a pretty good work-life balance? Why or why not?
What was the last thing you were really excited about?
What's your best “my coworkers are crazy” story?
What does your perfect breakfast look like?
What are some of your favorite holiday traditions that you did while growing up?
If you could choose your dreams, what would you prefer to dream about?
Would you ride in a zeppelin if given a chance?
What's something that was once important but is now becoming less and less relevant?
What tells you the most about a person?
When is the most interesting period in history?
What is the best pair of shoes you have owned?
What book had the most significant impact on you?
Where's your favorite place to nap?
What is the best event you've attended?
What do you buy way more of than most people?
What do you rebel against?
What well-known person does the most good for the world?
What's your favorite food combination?
What's the weirdest way you have met someone?
What's the most amazing natural occurrence you've witnessed?
How did you get that scar of yours?
What do you wish was illegal?
If someone came up to you and said “Hey, do that thing you do!”, what thing would pop into your head first?
Who is the most intelligent or creative person you know?
What wastes the most time in your day to day life?
What's a problem you have, that might be entirely unique to you?
What company or brand did you love until they betrayed your trust?
Would you ever try space tourism, if you had the money for it?
What's the most annoying machine you must deal with regularly?
What are you grateful for?
What hobby would you be a lot of fun to get into?
What do you resent paying for most?
What pets did you have growing up?
What's the best or worst prank you've played on someone?
What was the scariest movie you've seen?
What motivates you?
Where are five places you really want to visit before you die?
What's the best location to fully enjoy a good cup of coffee?
How handy are you when it comes to fixing things?
What skill or talent would you most like to learn?
What weird thing do you have nostalgia for?
What works of art have really made an impression on you?
What culture would you like to learn more about?
If you were featured on the local news, what would you most likely be on there for?
What do you wish your phone could do?
What's your favorite international food?
What workers have the worst jobs?
What kind of physical activities do you like doing?
Would you rather watch a movie on your TV at home or on the big screen in the theater, and why?
What assumption you made went hilariously wrong?
What big problem do you think technology will solve next?
What fashion trend needs to be brought back?
How do you think you will be/act when you are old?
What's your favorite way to waste time online?
What's the longest trip you've been on?
What was something you thought would be easy until you tried it?
What, in your opinion, is the most amazing animal?
How into tech are you? Why?
What is the biggest mistake you've made at work?
Who is the oldest person you know personally? What interesting stories have they told you?
Who is the funniest person in your family?
What useless facts do you know?
What's your favorite Olympic sport to watch?
How do you usually get your news?
What smell do you hate that doesn't seem to bother other people?
What's the most delightful hotel or house you've stayed in on vacation?
What weird quirks did you pick up from your parents?
What were your favorite television shows when you were growing up?
What's the silliest thing you are pretty good at?
What's your idea of a great day?
What are some of the dumbest misadventures you've been on?
What do you want to do when you retire?
What do you do to unwind after a hard day?
Who is the most competitive person you know?
Would you rather spend time with other people or at home alone?
What are some films that would make it on to your top 50 list of movies?
What slang are you really happy went out of fashion?
What music do you put on when you want to get pumped?
What makes you feel old when you think about it?
How well do you know your neighbors?
What's the best backhanded compliment you've heard / can think of on the spot?
Who is the most interesting stranger you've met?
What was your funniest or worst experience with a dentist?
What's the noblest endeavor a person can dedicate their life to?
What's your idea of a great party?
What are some of your favorite scenes from movies?
What are two of your favorite snacks?
What's the biggest adventure you've been on?
Besides war and diplomacy, what would be the best way for countries to settle disputes?
What household chore do you actually enjoy?
What is something you do better than most people and something you do worse than most people?
What TV show are you hooked on or were recently hooked on?
If you had to lose one of your senses, which would you choose to lose?
If a new volcano formed and the government had an online contest to see what it would be named, what name would you submit?
What is the last goal you achieved?
What was your worst haircut experience?
Do you prefer pens or pencils? Why?
What's the best way to stay young?
What is the most stressful TV show or movie you watched?
How good are you at drawing?
What did your teachers and parents say would be really important when you grew up, but it hasn't been?
How do you feel about clowns?
What is your favorite genre of movie? Why?
What brands do you love/hate the most?
What is the weirdest food combination you've made and tried?
What would you change if you were in charge of the company you work for?
Who has been your most interesting/confusing/annoying neighbor?
Has there ever been a time when something so amazing or unexpected happened that it literally left you speechless for a time?
Where's the most surreal area you been to?
What are common misconceptions about your job?
What public spaces do you feel most comfortable in? (Library, bar, park, mall, stadium, etc.)
What's the most outdated piece of tech you still use regularly?
What's the weirdest food you've eaten?
Who was your favorite teacher?
What recent trend are you totally on board with?
What about becoming an adult caught you completely off guard?
How often do you dance?
What's the best cake you've ever eaten?
What kind of art do you appreciate the most?
What crossed way too far into the uncanny valley for you?
What's your favorite thing about the area/city/state you live in?
What's the best day you've had recently?
What's your favorite way to spend time outdoors?
What does your perfect burger or sandwich have in it?
What's the worst advice you've been given?
What's the strangest name someone you have met had?
What was something courageous you've (in person) seen someone do?
What card or board games do you like to play?
What are you best at fixing?
What movie never gets old no matter how many times you've seen it?
If the universe is just a simulation, what update or patch does it need?
Where have you traveled to?
What's the scariest horror movie or horror book monster?
What's the most unique shop or restaurant you've been in?
What hard time in your life left you a better person after it was finished?
What's the best sports game you've been to?
What period would be the best to be born in?
What sport do you wish you knew more about?
What's something you're looking forward to?
What's the most creative thing you've done?
What are you hilariously bad at?
Tell me about a time you were totally out of your element/comfort zone.
Are you a cat or dog person or neither? Why?
Who is the most gifted person you know?
What was your best vacation?
What do you usually do on your commute to work?
What was the craziest theme park or fair ride you've been on?
What kind of people do you most enjoy hanging out with?
What do you think the ideal age to be is?
What are you kind of snobby about?
What toy did you hate most as a child?
What's your drink of choice? (Either alcoholic or non.)
If you left your current life behind and ran away to follow your dreams, what would you be doing?
What food is underrated or underappreciated?
What's your favorite line from a book or a movie?
What is the best thing you have ever bought?
What catchy jingle or bit of advertising has stuck with you all these years?
What luxury is totally worth the price?
What is the most unique or silliest problem you have going on in your life at the moment?
What could movie theaters do to improve the experience of going there?
If you were so wealthy you didn't need to work, what would you do with your time?
What apps do you use most?
What is the most tedious and/or the most exciting sport to watch?
What's your favorite island that you've visited?
What do you geek out about?
Besides insects and spiders, what animals annoy you the most?
What's your favorite month?
What's the best concert you've been to and why was it so good?
Is cereal soup? Why or why not?
What is the sexiest and least sexy name?
What secret conspiracy would you like to start?
What's invisible but you wish people could see?
What's the weirdest smell you have ever smelled?
Is a hotdog a sandwich? Why or why not?
What's the best Wi-Fi name you've seen?
What's the most ridiculous fact you know?
What is something that everyone looks stupid doing?
What is the funniest joke you know by heart?
In 40 years, what will people be nostalgic for?
What are the unwritten rules of where you work?
How do you feel about putting pineapple on pizza?
What part of a kid's movie completely scarred you?
What kind of secret society would you like to start?
If animals could talk, which would be the rudest?
Toilet paper, over or under?
What's the best type of cheese?
Where is the strangest place you've urinated or defecated?
What's the best inside joke you've been a part of?
In one sentence, how would you sum up the internet?
How many chickens would it take to kill an elephant?
What is the most embarrassing thing you have ever worn?
What's the most imaginative insult you can come up with?
Which body part do you wish you could detach and why?
What used to be considered trashy but now is very classy?
What's the weirdest thing a guest has done at your house?
What mythical creature would improve the world most if it existed?
What inanimate object do you wish you could eliminate from existence?
What is the weirdest thing you have seen in someone else's home?
What would be the absolute worst name you could give your child?
What would be the worst thing for the government to make illegal?
What are some of the nicknames you have for customers or coworkers?
If peanut butter wasn't called peanut butter, what would it be called?
What movie would be greatly improved if it was made into a musical?
What is the funniest corporate / business screw up you have heard of?
What would be the worst “buy one get one free” sale of all time?
If life were a video game, what would some of the cheat codes be?
What is the funniest name you have actually heard used in the real world?
What sport would be the funniest to add a mandatory amount of alcohol to?
What would be the coolest animal to scale up to the size of a horse?
What two totally normal things become really weird if you do them back to back?
What set of items could you buy that would make the cashier the most uncomfortable?
What would be the creepiest thing you could say while passing a stranger on the street?
What is something that you just recently realized that you are embarrassed you didn't realize earlier?
What are some fun and interesting alternatives to war that countries could settle their differences with?
What would be the best-worst name for different types of businesses? (dry cleaners, amusement parks, etc.)
Who do you know that really reminds you of a character in a TV show or movie?
What would the world be like if it was filled with male and female copies of you?
What are some things that are okay to occasionally do but definitely not okay to do every day?
If you were arrested with no explanation, what would your friends and family assume you had done?
You're a mad scientist, what scientific experiment would you run if money and ethics weren't an issue?
What are some fun ways to answer everyday questions like “how's it going” or “what do you do”?
If someone asked to be your apprentice and learn all that you know, what would you teach them?
If your five-year-old self suddenly found themselves inhabiting your current body, what would your five-year-old self do first?
First think of a product. Now, what would be the absolute worst brand name for one of those products?
What movie completely changes its plot when you change one letter in its title? What's the new movie about?
If the all the States in the USA were represented by food, what food would each state be represented by?
What would some fairy tales be like if they took place in the present and included modern technology and culture?
What is something that is really popular now, but in 5 years everyone will look back on and be embarrassed by?
What ridiculous and untrue, yet slightly plausible, theories can you come up with for the cause of common ailments like headaches or cavities?
If you were transported 400 years into the past with no clothes or anything else, how would you prove that you were from the future?
If you were wrongfully put into an insane asylum, how would you convince them that you're actually sane and not just pretending to be sane?
We'll that's all the funny questions to ask that we have. But there are a ton of other questions on the site that you might enjoy!
What fictional character is amazing in their book / show / movie, but would be insufferable if you had to deal with them in mundane everyday situations?
If you were held at gun point and told that if you didn't impress them with your dance moves you would be killed, what dance moves would you bust out?
What would be the hat to end all hats? What could you wear on your head that would make people stop what they are doing and stare in awe and amazement?
If over time you replace parts on a car, at what point does it stop being the same car you bought? How many parts do you need to replace to make it a new car?
If you die and find out that everyone gets to choose a twelve-foot by twelve-foot square to stay in alone for eternity without being able to influence or contact the living world, what twelve-foot by twelve-foot square would you choose?
Where was the most in appropriate / most embarrassing place you've farted?What's your go to video or gif for a laugh?
Where's your favorite place to get take away or delivery from?
What song do you play most often?
What's your favorite quote from a movie?
What's your go to joke?
What song has the best intro?
What is the scariest non banned item you could take on to a plane?
What's the (funniest / most disappointing / weirdest / etc.) text you've gotten?
What is your favorite meme?
How many questions can you answer in just pictures?
What is the most interesting thing you have on you or near you right now?
What app on your phone do you think everyone should get?
What's the best photo you've taken?
What's the worst text that you accidentally sent?
What thing do you really wish you could buy right now?
What's the funniest thing that someone could spend money on / buy on the internet?
What's the funniest picture you have on your phone?
What dumb pickup lines do you know?
What isn't real but you desperately wish it was?
What's the silliest thing you are passionate about?
Why do they call it oven when you of in the cold food of out hot eat the food?